feat(apple): Point out enableTracing in Getting Started (#7219)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platform-includes/getting-started-config/apple.mdx

    [SentrySDK startWithConfigureOptions:^(SentryOptions *options) {
        options.dsn = @"___PUBLIC_DSN___";
        options.debug = YES; // Enabled debug when first installing is always helpful

>         // Enable tracing to capture 100% of transactions for performance monitoring.
>         // If you want to choose the sampling rate, you can use 'options.tracesSampleRate'

Reviewer: In other SDKs we usually mention something like "We recommend adjusting this value in production" for `tracesSampleRate` to help prevent users from running out of quota.

Maybe we could say something like:

```suggestion
        // Enable tracing to capture 100% of transactions for performance monitoring.
        // Use 'options.tracesSampleRate' to set the sampling rate. 
        // We recommend setting a sample rate in production.
```

        SentrySDK.start { options in
            options.dsn = "___PUBLIC_DSN___"
            options.debug = true // Enabled debug when first installing is always helpful

            // Enable tracing to capture 100% of transactions for performance monitoring.

>             // If you want to choose the sampling rate, you can use 'options.tracesSampleRate'

Reviewer: // Enable tracing to capture 100% of transactions for performance monitoring.
            // Use 'options.tracesSampleRate' to set the sampling rate. 
            // We recommend setting a sample rate in production.
```
